Ah-ha.
You don't allow me to buy a three-wheel courtyard, hahaha.
If you still want to go to Paris to participate in the Chinese regular
You'd better stay away from Brother Rong
Ah!
President, why are you here again?
Aren't you going to spend the weekend with your fiancée?
I told you to stay away from the pom-pom
You turn a deaf ear to my words
How did he know that Muli asked me out?
Me and Muli are going to the Muse Club
There is a designer party today.
I want to learn
Not allowed to go
This is my personal business
You have no right to interfere with my freedom
I have an appointment with Muli
He'll be here soon.
Send him WeChat immediately and don't go
I'm not yours.
Although you say my boss
But your rights are only limited to work
We are equals outside the company
You have no right to ask me
I am not just your king
Or your husband?
My wife is going to export
I have the right to forbid him from contact with other members of the opposite sex
You said I wasn't your wife
If you're going to ask me that
Then you lead by example
Dissolve the marriage with Miss Shen first
You and I will never be liars
Get him some right away
Otherwise freeze all your looks
The doctor is here to urge the fee again
Go to your friend immediately and borrow more money.
Take advantage of
Are you satisfied?
This is not a dream
This is your punishment.
Before the baby is born
You have no choice.
Just do as I say
I forgot.